1. What does the dollar($) sign do?
A dollar sign means a currency format, but it has another common use: indicating absolute cell references in formulas.

2. How to Change the Reference from Relative to Absolute (or Mixed)?
By default, Cell reference is relative. we need to add the dollar sign before the column notation and the row number.
Example to do this operation : A1  is a relative cell reference, and it would become absolute when you make it $A$1.
Or you can use a fast way select  the cell reference then pressing F2, it will change it.

3. Explain the order of operations in excel?
The order of operations is a rule that tells the correct sequence of steps for evaluating a math expression in Excel. We can remember the order using PEMDAS: Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication and Division (from left to right), Addition and Subtraction (from left to right).

4. What, according to you, are the top 5 functions in excel and write a basic syntax for any of two?
The SUM Function. The sum function is the most used function when it comes to computing data on Excel.
Syntax : SUM(number1,[number2] ,…)
The TEXT Function : The Text Function is used to convert numbers to text within a spreadsheet.
Syntax : TEXT(value, format_text)

The VLOOKUP Function : VLOOKUP function is a premade function in Excel, which allows searches across columns.
Syntax : VLOOKUP (lookup_value, table, col_index, [range_lookup])

The AVERAGE Function : AVERAGE function in Excel is to calculate the center or mean.
Syntax : AVERAGEA(value1, value2,... value30).

The CONCATENATE Function : The CONCATENATE function concatenates (joins) join up to 30 values together and returns the result as text.
Syntax : CONCATENATE (text1, text2, [text3], ...)

5. When would you use the subtotal function?
The SUBTOTAL function is used when you display a Total row in an Excel Table. Excel inserts the SUBTOTAL function automatically, and you can use a drop-down menu to switch behavior and show max, min, average, etc.

6. What is the syntax of the vlookup function? Explain the terms in it?
The syntax of VLookup is VLOOKUP (value, table, col_index, range_lookup).